= 4 =

= vscode =

* move extensions directory
mklink /D C:\Users\bsharma\.vscode\extensions c:\dev\.vscode\extensions


* C-S-P : Command Palette
* Ctrl + , : settings

blue: modified


= vsvim =
gc - toggles line comment. For example gcc to toggle line comment for current line and gc2j to toggle line comments for the current line and the next two lines.
gC - toggles block comment. For example gCi) to comment out everything within parenthesis.

Surround Command	Description
d s <existing char>	Delete existing surround
c s <existing char> <desired char>	Change surround existing to desired
y s <motion> <desired char>	Surround something with something using motion (as in "you surround")
S <desired char>	Surround when in visual modes (surrounds full selection)

easy motion
<leader><leader><leader> j	JumpToAnywhere motion; default behavior matches beginning & ending of word, camelCase, after _ and after #
<leader><leader> j	Start of line forwards
<leader><leader> k	Start of line backwards
<leader><leader> s <char>	Search character
<leader><leader> f <char>	Find character forwards
<leader><leader> F <char>	Find character backwards
<leader><leader> t <char>	Til character forwards
<leader><leader> T <char>	Til character backwards
<leader><leader> w	Start of word forwards
<leader><leader> b	Start of word backwards
  
  = skype shortcuts =

Ctrl+O
Undock/dock the selected conversation from/to the tab window.

Ctrl+Shift+F : change font color

Ctrl+Shift+T
Set focus on tab item in tabbed conversation view.

Ctrl+Tab
Switch to the next tab (continuously loop through all tabs).

Ctrl+1,2…9
Switch to a specific tab number and put keyboard focus in that conversation. Ctrl+1.

Alt+Spacebar
Open tab window’s system menu.

Windows logo key+Shift+O
Accept an incoming invite notification.

Windows logo key+Esc
Decline an invite notification.


== Windows 10 Tips ==
* Explorer -> ALT + D -> cmd
opens cmd in current folder
* Windows + X
opens Power Users menu
* Ctrl + Shift + Esc
opens Task Manager
* Windows + I
opens Windows Settings


Windows + number	
Open the desktop and start the app pinned to the taskbar in the position indicated by the number. If the app is already running, switch to that app.

Windows + Shift + number	
Open the desktop and start a new instance of the app pinned to the taskbar in the position indicated by the number.

Windows + Alt + number	
Open the desktop and open the Jump List for the app pinned to the taskbar in the position indicated by the number.



== virtual desktops ==
Windows + Tab: Open Task View
Windows + Ctrl + D	Add a virtual desktop.
Windows + Ctrl + Left/Right arrow	Switch between virtual desktops you’ve created on the right.
Windows + Ctrl + F4	Close the virtual desktop you're using.

https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/12445/windows-keyboard-shortcuts
